2022 12 06 external links (#213)
Open-Telecoms-Data/open-fibre-data-standard: docs/guidance/publication.md

::::{tab-set}

:::{tab-item} JSON to GeoJSON

> [Lib CoVE OFDS](https://libcoveofds.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) provides a command-line interface for transforming OFDS data from JSON to GeoJSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command line tool [Lib CoVE OFDS](https://libcoveofds.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) provides an interface for transforming OFDS data from JSON to GeoJSON format.
```

> To convert a network package to GeoJSON format, follow the [installation instructions](https://github.com/Open-Telecoms-Data/lib-cove-ofds#installation) and then run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To convert a network package to GeoJSON format, first install Lib CoVE OFDS by following the [installation instructions](https://github.com/Open-Telecoms-Data/lib-cove-ofds#installation). Then, run the following command:
```

```bash

> libcoveofds jsontogeojson

Reviewer: ```suggestion
libcoveofds jsontogeojson network-package.json nodes.geojson spans.geojson
```
